Welcome back everyone in this lecture we're going to go over the solution for the deep learning for
computer vision assessment.
Let's get started.
All right we're going to start off by running task 1 which is just reading in the data as x train y
train x test and Y test.
Next we can visualize the data using import map plot lib that PI plot as Piazzi And just in case you
need to.
You can say that Cutlip in line and let's visualize one of these images will say appeal to him Show
an off the training data of a single image just the very first one.
And technically I'm not using the same map greyscale But if you wanted to you could also passen gray
here to see the object or for the reverse.
You can see this so clearly this some sort of shoe or boot.
And in fact we can actually see what it is if we say why train 0 9.
So if you come back up here 9 that's an ankle boots.
OK.
So we're able to visualize it Task three is to normalize the X train and X test data by dividing it
by the max value.
If you check out what the max value is as you may have guessed it's 255.
So we're going to do is say X train is equal to x train divided by 255 and X test is equal to access
divided by 255.
Next we want to reshape the x rays to include a four then missional of single channel.
So really similar to what we did for the dataset.
I'm going to say strain is equal to x train and I'm going to reshape this to be sixty thousand twenty
eight by twenty eight by one color channel and then I'm going to copy and paste this and I will do the
same for X test.
So I'll come back here do X test X at this time.
This is only 10000 images.
There we go.
So now I have that one single color channel for gray scale that we need to convert the white train and
Y test values to be 100 coded for categorical analysis.
And there's a couple of ways you can import this one way just from carious he tells import to categorical
and then say why train.
And what we need to do is convert these to be 100 coded.
So we'll create why cat train is equal to two categorical and then passen y train will do the same for
y test Y categorical test is equal to two categorical and then passen Y test.
OK.
So we were able to successfully now 100 code.
Our labels actually build the model.
Yet a lot of flexibility you don't have to build a model exactly like this but I'll go ahead and go
through the model we ask for.
We'll say from cares that models import sequential and from carious that layers in poor and will use
thence to the max pool and you can use either Max pool to the OR Max pulling essentially the same thing
and then Flaten will go ahead and create a sequential model.
Then I will add in the convolutional air all these 32 for the filters the kernel size will be four by
four.
And then the input shape will be 28 by 20 by 1 and then we'll choose the activation to be rectified
in your unit.
Then I'll add in a pooling layer so we can say Max pooling to the when you can also use max pool to
the same thing so that equal to 2 by 2.
Next we add in our Flaten layer so that we can handle it with a dense layer so we flatten it out will
add in a dense layer will choose 128 neurons.
This is again something you could have experimented with and we'll choose a rectified linear unit for
the activator and then the last layer is the classifier itself.
So this will be a model and this one should be 10 year bonds.
You don't want flexibility on this one because we have 10 classes and then the activation here is going
to be soft Max.
And finally let's compile this.
So I'll scroll down give ourselves a little more room here.
We will say compile and the last we're going to be using is categorical cross entropy
the optimizer we're using is armis prop and the metrics are running our accuracy.
So let's make sure I have that correct.
Input shape equals.
There you go.
OK.
So I should be able to then get a summary of my model run that and you should see the same parameters
we had before.
Next it's time to train and fit the model.
Hopefully it's all pretty straightforward because it's almost the same process we did in the end this
dataset and then we'll say why cat train and I'll go ahead and train this for let's say 10 e pox go
ahead and run that for 10 epochs.
Fast forward in time until this is done.
All right so that has now finished running.
Let's go ahead and evaluate our model.
We're going to see a model that evaluates and then pass an X test and y categorical test.
So that will evaluate the model and it gives us these two results.
If we're wondering what these actual metrics are we can just type out model metric names and report
back that this is the loss and the accuracy.
So looks like all the tests that we're getting about 90 percent accuracy if we want to actually perform
predictions that we can say from S-K learn metrics import classification report
and then actually conduct the prediction.
So we'll say predictions is equal to model and this case will predict the classes will call predict
classes on that test set.
And now that we have the predictions we're going to do is say print the classification report.
For why underscore test and those predictions and if you run this you should get pretty good results.
Notice you're getting around 90 percent precision.
Recall an EF 1 score which is quite good considering we have 10 different categories and considering
that some of the categories are actually pretty similar.
So if we go back here remember that some of the categories like sneaker and ankle boot those are really
similar categories especially given the fact that you only have 28 by 28 greyscale pictures to work
with.
So probably even a human wouldn't be able to tell if this is really like a sneaker or an ankle boot
OK.
So that's it for this project.
Make sure check out the solutions book in case you have any further questions.
We'll see you at the next lecture.